bed room get out
it's it's a trap
retrieving my email
behavior will not be tolerated
retreating might be my only option
crystal clear
we're not to have this
this is your criminal activities at one
whoa that was close
what you said about the alternate future
fits with what we've seen here absorbing
the check from the proto-tool made
malware very powerful he's only just
starting to use his new abilities to his
advantage and if he's as powerful as you
say in the future maybe we should come
up with a way to take him down here
before he goes on mecha morphicon bell
what a reasonable plan I would like to
help for as long as I am able to remain
in this timeframe that is cool we make a
great team
that you and teenage me must be a
well-oiled machine in the future I am
Not sure I would say that exactly